who says you need a laptop or a desktop
computer to do marketing hey everyone
i'm neil patel and today i'm going to
break down how you can start digital
marketing in 2022 with just a phone
have you seen people claiming that you
can make money using your mobile phone
or doing just digital marketing on a
phone
and i understand why so many people like
that idea because everyone has a phone
on them all the time what's funny is as
i'm recording this video i don't have my
phone on me but in almost all cases i
always have my phone on me today
everyone has a phone in their pocket and
it can literally give you access to an
entire universe of content on the web
but can you really do marketing just
using a mobile device
let me know answer yes or no in the
comment section below so what do you
think
yes
no
i should actually play jeopardy music
right now
[Music]
well depending on what you're looking
for you can do it and you can't do it
so that's not necessary answering the
yes or no
but you can actually do a lot on your
phone and some things you may need a
laptop not because it doesn't work on
your phone it's a nightmare so let me go
over those first off instagram marketing
you can do that really well on your
phone from taking the pictures to
creating content to engaging leaving
comments heck it's hard to do that from
your computer versus your phone
you can't even use all the features
without your phone the platform was
built for mobile devices and primarily
for mobile the same goes with tick tock
where you could basically do all the
activities related to content and
engagement it's better done from your
own phone than it is from a desktop
computer
the next thing you can do from your
phone is creating content from shooting
videos selfies shorts reels you can do
that all from your phone works really
really well heck the cameras on these
phones are better than a lot of people's
like physical slr or dlr or whatever
those cameras are called that are big
and gigantic
if you want to create visual content you
can do so using apps like canva adobe
lightroom and there's tons of other
options and most those you can find apps
on your phone the third marketing
activity that you can do on your phone
is scheduling social media content today
there are tons of apps like hootsuite
buffer even facebook page manager which
gives you the ability to schedule
content from your phone for many
different platforms the fourth thing
that you can do is running ads on social
media look i would personally never use
a phone to run my ad campaigns but i've
seen a lot of people run their ads from
a phone and i really really really
really really go against it i probably
should have added a few more reallys in
there
but the point is is you can do most
things from a phone
but
however from things like ads to trying
to do your seo and modify your code
to doing keyword research a lot of this
gets tricky from a phone sure uber says
has a mobile friendly version but it's
hard to actually go and do that and
write a blog post and optimize your
title tag and meta description and your
images and compress all of them from a
phone so the cool thing about a phone is
you can do a lot of the stuff you need
to do on a daily basis from your phone
but you can't do everything from a phone
a lot of the stuff that is one-off or
stuff you don't need to do on a daily
basis
a lot of those things you'll need a
desktop computer
the point i'm trying to get at is if you
want to do social media marketing you
just need a phone if you want to run ads
optimize campaigns send out emails and
fine tune them and look at stats and
data you're going to need more than a
phone for just that but it doesn't mean
that you can't use both and when you're
on the go you have no excuse but to do
marketing because you can do it from
your
phone
if you need help with your marketing
check out my ad agency np digital if you
enjoyed the video like it share it tell
people about it thank you for watching